I'll now teach you about
Bidirectional Encoder
Representations for Transformers,
or in short, just BERT.
BERT is a model that makes
use of the transformer,
but it looks at the inputs
from two directions.
Let's dive in and
see how this works.
Today, you're going
to learn about
the BERT architecture
and then you're going to
understand how BERT
pre-training works
and see what the inputs
are and the outputs are.
What is BERT? BERT is
the Bidirectional
Encoder representations
from transformers,
and it makes use of transfer
learning and pre-training.
How does this work?
Usually starts
with some inputs embeddings,
so E_1, E_2,
all the way to some
random number E_n.
Then you go through
some transformer blocks,
as you can see here.
Each blue circle is
a transformer block,
goes up furthermore and
then you get your T_1, T_2, T_n.
Basically, there
are two steps in
BERT's framework,
pre-training and fine-tuning.
During pre-training,
the model is trained on
unlabeled data over different
pre-training tasks,
as you've already seen before.
For fine tuning,
the BERT model is
first initialized with a
pre-trained parameters,
and all of the parameters
are fine-tuned
using labeled data from
the downstream tasks.
For example in the
figure over here,
you get the corresponding
embeddings,
you run this through a
few transformer blocks
and then you make
the prediction.
We'll discuss some
notation over here.
First of all, BERT
a multi-layer
bidirectional transformer.
It makes use of
positional embeddings.
The famous model is BERT's base,
which has 12 layers or
12 transformer blocks,
12 attention heads, and
110 million parameters.
These new models that are coming
out now like GPT-3 and so forth,
they have way more
parameters and
way more blocks and layers.
Let's talk about pre-training.
Before feeding the word
sequences to the BERT model,
we mask 15 percent of the words.
Then the training data generator
chooses 15 percent of
these positions at
random for prediction.
Then FDI token is chosen,
we replace the ice token with,
one, the mask token,
80 percent of the time,
and then, two,
a random token 10 percent
of the time, and then,
three, the unchanged with
either token 10
percent of the time.
In this case then TI,
what you've seen in
the previous slide,
will be used to
predict the original
token with cross entropy loss.
In this case, this is known
as the masked language model.
Over here we have,"
After school,
Lucas does his blank in the
library," so maybe work,
maybe homework one
of these words
that your BERT model is
going to try to predict.
To do so usually what you do,
you just add a dense layer after
the TI token and use it to
classify after the
encoder outputs.
You just multiply
the outputs vectors
by the embedding
matrix and then to
transform them into a
vocabulary dimension
and you add a
softmax at the end.
This is another
sentence, "After school,
Lucas does his homework in
the library," and then,
"After school blank his
homework in the blank."
You have to predict Lucas does,
and then library also.
In summary, you choose
15 percent of the
tokens at random.
You mask them 80
percent of the time,
replace them with a random
token 10 percent of the time,
or keep as is 10
percent of the time.
Then notice that there could be
multiple masked
spans in a sentence.
You could mask several
words in the same sentence.
In BERT, also
next sentence prediction is
also used when pre-training.
Given two sentences,
if it's true,
it's means the two sentences
follow one another.
Otherwise, they're different,
they don't lie in the same
sequence of the text.
You have now developed an
intuition for this model.
You've seen that
BERT makes use of
the next sentence prediction
and masked language modeling.
This allows the model to have
a general sense of the language.
In the next video,
I'm going to formalize this and
show you the loss
function for BERT.
Please go onto the next video.